The whole point of this is to talk about me. It's all about me. That's life. What is the ideal me. Who am I. And how do I cultivate a relationship with myself thats nice. That isn't so mean. I tend to like myself when I do things, anything. I feel down and in the dumps when I ruminate. I ruminate a lot. I ruminate most about dating and things that a lot of times are out of my control and/or in the past. I don't want to say im a perfectionist but I do want things to go right and when they don't it hurts me and its very frustrating. For example when I can't negotiate effectively the way my father does for things, it sets an example. Or when I can't get quality social interaction from people I love. I do love talking to people and meeting people. Or I mess up romantically. I ruminated about missing to negotiate rent in September of 2024 because it felt I got such an amazing deal I didn't ask for further price reduction. But I got over this. I have not much else going with holiday breaks and I find my headspace so occupied and ruminating about this girl. So much. I could have had sex. Even if a relationship didn't arise out of it. I could have had that validation and finally could increase body count. I'm not looking for a crazy amount of it, I just want some more experience so at least I have an equal or more than a partner, who these days would likely have had more than just one experience. They say choosing your partner is the most important thing you do. And so I have to do it.